HOW COULD SOMEONE GET
YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER?
LOOK HOW MUCH THEY SPENT.
THE CREDIT CARD PEOPLE SAID
YOU ONLY HAVE TO PAY
FOR THE STUFF YOU BOUGHT.
STILL... IT'S JUST
SUCH RECKLESS SPENDING.
I THINK WHEN SOMEBODY
STEALS YOUR CREDIT CARD
THEY'VE ALREADY THROWN
CAUTION TO THE WIND.
WOW, WHAT A GEEK.
THEY SPENT 69.95
ON A WONDER MOP.
THAT'S ME.
OH, YUCK.
ROSS, HE'S
DOING IT AGAIN.
MARCEL, STOP
HUMPING THE LAMP.
STOP HUMPING.
NOW, MARCEL, COME BACK...
COME HERE, MARCEL.
NO, NO. NOT IN MY ROOM.
I'LL GET HIM.
YOU'VE GOT TO DO SOMETHING
ABOUT THE HUMPING.
WHAT? IT'S JUST A PHASE.
WELL, THAT'S WHAT
WE SAID ABOUT JOEY.
WOULD YOU ALL RELAX?
IT'S NOT THAT BIG A DEAL.
Rachel:
MARCEL, STOP IT!
BAD MONKEY!
WHAT?
LET'S JUST SAY
MY CURIOUS GEORGE DOLL IS
NO LONGER CURIOUS.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY,
YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH ♪
♪ OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
MONICA, YOU ARE NOT
STILL GOING OVER THAT THING?
THIS WOMAN'S LIVING MY LIFE.
WHAT?
SHE'S LIVING MY LIFE
AND SHE'S DOING IT
BETTER THAN ME.
LOOK AT THIS.
LOOK. SHE BUYS TICKETS TO
PLAYS THAT I WANT TO SEE.
SHE BUYS CLOTHES
AT STORES
THAT I'M INTIMIDATED
BY THE SALES PEOPLE.
SHE SPENT $300
ON ART SUPPLIES.
YOU'RE NOT AN ARTIST.
WELL, I MIGHT BE
IF I HAD THE SUPPLIES.
I MEAN, I COULD
DO ALL THIS STUFF
ONLY I DON'T.
MONICA, COME ON.
YOU DO COOL THINGS.
OH, REALLY? OKAY.
LET'S COMPARE, SHALL WE?
OH, IT'S SO LATE
FOR "SHALL WE."
DO I GO HORSEBACK RIDING
IN THE PARK? HMM?
DO I TAKE CLASSES
AT THE NEW SCHOOL?
NO.
THIS IS SO UNFAIR.
SHE'S GOT EVERYTHING I WANT
AND SHE DOESN'T HAVE MY MOTHER.
HOW 'BOUT
"JOEY PEPPONI"?
NO. STILL TOO ETHNIC.
MY AGENT THINKS
I SHOULD HAVE A NAME
THAT'S MORE NEUTRAL.
"JOEY.... SWITZERLAND?"
PLUS, YOU KNOW, I THINK
IT SHOULD BE "JOE."
"JOEY" MAKES ME SOUND
LIKE I'M...
I DON'T KNOW-- THIS BIG.
WHICH I'M NOT.
JOE, JOE, JOE... STALIN?
"STALIN... STALIN."
DO I KNOW THAT NAME?
THAT SOUND FAMILIAR.
WELL, IT DOES NOT
RING A BELL WITH ME.
JOE STALIN.
YOU KNOW THAT'S PRETTY GOOD.
YOU MIGHT WANT
TO TRY "JOSEPH."
OH!
JOSEPH STALIN.
I THINK YOU'D
REMEMBER THAT.
OH, YES.
" BYE BYE BIRDIE,
STARRING JOSEPH STALIN."
"JOSEPH STALIN IS
THE FIDDLER ON THE ROOF."
HEY.
HI.
HI, UH, YES.
THIS IS MONICA GELLER.
UM, I BELIEVE I'M TAKING
SOME CLASSES WITH YOU
AND I WAS WONDERING
WHAT THEY WERE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
ALL RIGHT. GREAT.
GREAT. THANKS A LOT.
I'M GOING TO TAP CLASS.
SO YOU CAN DANCE WITH THE WOMAN
THAT STOLE YOUR CREDIT CARD.
I SHOULD GET TO SEE WHO SHE IS.
GO TO THE POST OFFICE.
I'M SURE
HER PICTURE'S UP.
YOU'RE LOSING IT, HERE.
THIS IS REALLY
BECOMING
LIKE, A WEIRD
OBSESSION THING.
THIS IS MADNESS.
IT'S MADNESS, I TELL YOU!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, MONICA
DON'T DO IT!
THANK YOU.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
LOTS OF THINGS.
WHICH ONE DO YOU
THINK SHE IS?
MAY I HELP YOU?
NO, THANKS. WE'RE
JUST HERE TO OBSERVE.
YOU DON'T OBSERVE A DANCE CLASS.
YOU DANCE A DANCE CLASS.
SPARE SHOES ARE OVER THERE.
WHAT DOES SHE MEAN?
I THINK SHE MEANS
YOU DANCE... A DANCE CLASS.
COME ON. COME ON.
OKAY. YOU SEE ANYBODY
YOU THINK COULD BE ME?
LAST TIME, THERE WERE
SOME EMPTY YOGURT CONTAINERS
LYING AROUND AFTER CLASS.
LET'S NOT HAVE
THAT HAPPEN AGAIN.
SHE COULD BE YOU.
LET'S GET STARTED.
FIVE, SIX...
A-FIVE, SIX, SEVEN, EIGHT--
OKAY. I'M NOT GETTING THIS.
I'M TOTALLY GETTING IT.
DO YOU EVER JUST FEEL
LIKE SOMETIMES YOU ARE
SO UNBELIEVABLY
UNCOORDINATED?
WHAT?
YOU JUST CLICK
WHEN THEY CLICK.
ALL RIGHT, PEOPLE.
NOW EVERYONE GRAB A PARTNER.
OH... UM, ALL RIGHT.
AND MY DEAD MOTHER SAID
YOU ARE IT.
I'M WITH RACHEL.
GREAT. IT'S GYM CLASS
ALL OVER AGAIN.
OH...
YOU CAN COME UP TO THE FRONT
AND DANCE WITH ME.
WHY DON'T I
JUST TAKE OFF MY CLOTHES
AND HAVE A NIGHTMARE?
IT'S OKAY.
I'M HERE. I'M HERE.
I'M SO SORRY I'M LATE.
HERE I AM.
SO, WHO'S THE NEW TENSE GIRL?
SHE'S YOUR PARTNER.
HI. I'M MONICA.
OH... MONICA.
HI. I'M MON... NANA.
MONANA?
YES.
IT'S DUTCH.
I SPENT THREE YEARS
IN AMSTERDAM.
MAG IK DEZE DANS VAN U?
UM, PENNSYLVANIA DUTCH.
OH.
AND WE'RE DANCING.
A-FIVE, SIX, SEVEN, EIGHT--
HI.
HEY.
WHERE'VE YOU BEEN?
I JUST GOT BACK
FROM THE VET.
SHE'S NOT GOING
TO MAKE YOU WEAR
ONE OF THOSE BIG
PLASTIC CONES, IS SHE?
SHE SAYS MARCEL'S
HUMPING THING'S NOT A PHASE.
APPARENTLY, HE'S REACHED
SEXUAL MATURITY.
HEY, HE BEAT YOU.
SHE SAYS AS TIME GOES ON
HE'S GOING TO START GETTING
AGGRESSIVE AND VIOLENT.
SO WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
I'M GOING TO HAVE
TO GIVE HIM UP.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT, ROSS.
THIS SUCKS!
YOU JUST GOT HIM.
HOW COULD HE BE
AN ADULT ALREADY?
I KNOW, I KNOW.
I MEAN, ONE DAY
HE'S THIS LITTLE THING
AND THEN BEFORE YOU KNOW IT
I CAN'T GET OFF MY LEG.
ISN'T THERE ANY WAY
YOU CAN KEEP HIM?
NO. NO, THE VET SAID
THAT UNLESS HE'S IN A PLACE
WHERE HE HAS REGULAR ACCESS
TO SOME...
MONKEY LOVIN'...
HE'S JUST GOING TO GET VICIOUS.
I'VE... I'VE JUST GOT TO GET HIM
INTO A ZOO.
HOW DO YOU GET A
MONKEY INTO A ZOO?
I KNOW
THAT ONE.
NO, THAT'S
"POPES INTO A VOLKSWAGEN."
WE'RE APPLYING
TO A LOT OF THEM.
NATURALLY, OUR FIRST CHOICE
WOULD BE ONE
OF THE BIGGER STATE ZOOS--
YOU KNOW, LIKE SAN DIEGO.
OH... RIGHT?
BUT THAT MAY BE
JUST A PIPE DREAM
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
HE'S OUT OF STATE.
UH, MY VET KNOWS SOMEONE
AT MIAMI
SO THAT'S A POSSIBILITY.
YEAH, BUT THAT'S, LIKE,
TWO BLOCKS AWAY FROM THE BEACH.
I MEAN, IT'S A
TOTAL PARTY ZOO.
HEY. WE FOUND HER,
WE FOUND THE GIRL.
DID YOU CALL THE COPS?
NOPE. WE TOOK HER TO LUNCH.
AH, YOUR OWN BRAND
OF VIGILANTE JUSTICE.
ARE YOU INSANE?
THIS WOMAN STOLE FROM YOU!
SHE... SHE STOLE!
SHE'S A STEALER!
YOU KNOW WHAT? AFTER YOU'RE
WITH THIS WOMAN FOR TEN MINUTES
YOU FORGET ALL THAT.
I MEAN,
SHE'S THIS ASTOUNDING PERSON
WITH THIS AMAZING SPIRIT.
YEAH, WHICH SHE PROBABLY STOLE
FROM SOME CHEERLEADER.
"TAKE OFF THEIR HATS."
"POPES IN
A VOLKSWAGEN."
I LOVE THAT JOKE.
NO WAY... NO WAY
DID YOU DO THIS.
MONANA WAS VERY BRAVE.
IT WAS SO WILD.
WE TOLD THEM WE WERE
THE GUNDERSONS IN ROOM 615
ONLY TO FIND OUT
THE BOSTON CELTICS
HAD TAKEN OVER
THE ENTIRE SIXTH FLOOR.
WHEN THEY CAUGHT ON
TO THE FACT
THAT WE'RE... SHORT
AND HAVE BREASTS...
THEY THREW US OUT.
I WAS THROWN OUT
OF A HOTEL-- ME!
GO, MONANA!
WELL, YOU LADIES ARE NOT
THE ONLY ONES LIVING THE DREAM.
I GET TO GO POUR COFFEE
FOR PEOPLE I DON'T KNOW.
DON'T WAIT UP.
OH... TOMORROW, WE'RE
AUDITIONING FOR A BROADWAY SHOW.
EXCUSE ME?
THERE'S AN OPEN CALL
FOR CATS.
I'M THINKING WE GO DOWN THERE,
SING "MEMORIES"
AND MAKE COMPLETE FOOLS
OF OURSELVES.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
REMEMBER WHO YOU'RE
DEALING WITH HERE.
I'M NOT LIKE YOU.
I CAN'T EVEN STAND
IN FRONT OF A TAP CLASS.
THAT'S JUST PROBABLY 'CAUSE
OF YOUR AMISH BACKGROUND.
WHAT?
YOU'RE PENNSYLVANIA DUTCH,
RIGHT?
RIGHT... TILL I BOUGHT
A BLOW DRYER
AND THEN I WAS SHUNNED.
I USED TO BE JUST LIKE YOU
AND THEN ONE DAY I SAW A MOVIE
THAT CHANGED MY LIFE.
DID YOU EVER SEE
DEAD POETS SOCIETY?
UH-HUH.
I THOUGHT THAT MOVIE
WAS SO INCREDIBLY... BORING.
I MEAN, THAT THING
WHERE THE KID KILLS HIMSELF
BECAUSE HE CAN'T BE IN THE PLAY?
WHAT WAS THAT?
IT'S LIKE,
"KID, WAIT A YEAR, LEAVE HOME.
DO SOME COMMUNITY THEATER."
I WALKED OUT OF THERE
AND I THOUGHT
"NOW, THAT'S TWO HOURS
OF MY LIFE
THAT I'M NEVER
GETTING BACK."
AND THAT THOUGHT SCARED ME
MORE THAN ALL THE OTHER CRAP
I WAS AFRAID TO DO.
WOW. THEN I WOULD DEFINITELY
NOT RECOMMEND
MRS. DOUBTFIRE.
( sighs )
OH, GOD.
WE DIDN'T GET INTO SCRANTON.
THAT WAS, LIKE, OUR SAFETY ZOO.
THEY TAKE, LIKE, DOGS AND COWS.
SEE? I DON'T KNOW WHO
THIS IS HARDER ON--
ME OR HIM.
I'D SAY THAT CHAIR'S
TAKING THE BRUNT OF IT.
Ross:
MARCEL! MARCEL!
MARCEL, NO!
GOOD BOY.
SEE? HOW CAN NOBODY
WANT HIM?
OH, SOMEBODY WILL.
YOU KNOW THERE ALREADY IS
A JOSEPH STALIN?
YOU'RE KIDDING.
APPARENTLY, HE WAS
THIS RUSSIAN DICTATOR
WHO SLAUGHTERED
ALL THESE PEOPLE.
YOU'D THINK YOU
WOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT.
YOU'D THINK I WOULD'VE.
PHOEBE, WHAT DO YOU THINK
A GOOD STAGE NAME
FOR ME WOULD BE?
FLAME-BOY.
WHERE EXACTLY IS YOUR ZOO?
WELL, IT'S TECHNICALLY
NOT A ZOO, PER SE.
IT'S MORE OF AN INTERACTIVE
WILDLIFE EXPERIENCE.
LET ME ASK YOU
SOME QUESTIONS ABOUT--
IS IT "MARCEL"?
YES.
DOES HE, UH, FIGHT
WITH OTHER ANIMALS?
NO, NO. HE'S VERY DOCILE.
MMM. EVEN IF HE
WERE... CORNERED?
WELL, I DON'T KNOW. WHY?
UM... HOW IS HE AT
HANDLING SMALL OBJECTS?
HE CAN HOLD A BANANA,
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU MEAN.
WHAT ABOUT A HAMMER
OR A SMALL BLADE?
WHY... WHY... WHY...
WHY WOULD HE NEED A BLADE?
IF HE'S UP AGAINST
A JUNGLE CAT
OR AN ANIMAL WITH HORNS
YOU GOT TO GIVE
THE LITTLE GUY
SOMETHING.
OTHERWISE, IT'S JUST CRUEL.
Both:
HE GOT INTO SAN DIEGO.
WHAT?
WE CAME BACK FROM OUR WALK.
THE PHONE WAS RINGING.
HE'S IN!
AH, DID YOU HEAR
THAT, MARCEL?
OH! SAN DIEGO!
SAN DIEGO!
YOU'RE MAKING
A BIG MISTAKE.
SAN DIEGO'S ALL WELL AND GOOD,
BUT IF YOU GIVE HIM TO ME
I'LL START HIM OFF AGAINST
A BLIND RABBIT AND GIVE HIM
20% OF THE GATE.
♪ YO HO! ♪
WHERE THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN?
MONICA AND I JUST CRASHED
AN EMBASSY PARTY.
ARE YOU DRUNK?
NO!
( whispering ):
I'M LYING. I AM SO DRUNK...
OH, GOD.
GREAT, MONICA.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU COULD HAVE CALLED.
I'VE BEEN WORRIED...
MONICA!
MONICA?
AH...
WATER RULES!
YES, YES, IT DOES.
OKAY, LOOK. THE RESTAURANT
CALLED AGAIN TODAY.
THEY WANT TO KNOW IF YOU'LL
BE SHOWING UP FOR WORK?
NOPE. I'M GOING
TO THE BIG APPLE CIRCUS TODAY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU'RE GOING
TO LOSE YOUR JOB.
THIS IS NOT YOU.
NO, IT IS ME.
I'M NOT JUST THE PERSON
WHO NEEDS TO FLUFF THE PILLOWS
AND PAY THE BILLS AS
SOON AS THEY COME IN.
YOU KNOW, WHEN I'M WITH HER,
I AM SO MUCH MORE THAN THAT.
I'M...
I'M MONANA.
( phone rings )
HELLO?
YES, SHE IS.
HOLD ON A SECOND, PLEASE.
"MONANA..." IT'S FOR YOU.
THE CREDIT CARD PEOPLE.
HELLO.
YES?
OH, MY GOD.
THANKS.
WHAT?
THEY'VE ARRESTED MONICA.
HI.
HEY.
HOW ARE YOU?
NOT TOO BAD.
FORTUNATELY,
BLUE'S MY COLOR.
HOW DID YOU KNOW
I WAS HERE?
BECAUSE... I'M MONICA GELLER.
IT WAS MY CREDIT CARD
YOU WERE USING.
THAT, I WAS NOT EXPECTING.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW
IT WASN'T ME
WHO TURNED YOU IN.
OH... THANKS.
NO... THANK YOU.
YOU HAVE GIVEN ME SO MUCH.
IF IT WASN'T FOR YOU
I WOULD HAVE NEVER GOTTEN
TO SING "MEMORIES" ON THE STAGE
AT THE WINTERGARDEN THEATER.
WELL, ACTUALLY, YOU ONLY GOT
TO SING "MEMO..."
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'RE IN HERE.
WHAT AM I GOING TO DO
WITHOUT YOU?
WHO'S GOING TO CRASH
THE EMBASSY PARTIES WITH ME
OR TAKE ME
TO THE BIG APPLE CIRCUS?
MONICA, I STARTED MY DAY
BY PEEING
IN FRONT OF 25 OTHER WOMEN
AND YOU'RE WORRIED
ABOUT WHO'S GOING TO TAKE YOU
TO THE BIG
APPLE CIRCUS?
WELL, NOT WORRIED...
YOU KNOW, JUST WONDERING.
THERE'S NOTHING TO
WONDER ABOUT, MONICA.
YOU'LL GO BACK TO BEING
WHO YOU WERE
BECAUSE THAT'S WHO YOU ARE.
NOT NECESSARILY.
YES, NECESSARILY.
I DON'T KNOW...
MAYBE IT'S THE AMISH THING.
UM... I'M NOT ACTUALLY AMISH.
REALLY?
THEN WHY ARE YOU LIKE THAT?
YOU BY THE DOOR,
IN OR OUT?
IN.
YOU IN THE BACK,
YOU'RE GETTING IT WRONG.
BUT AT LEAST I'M DOING IT.
OKAY, GOOD-BYE,
LITTLE MONKEY GUY.
I WROTE YOU THIS POEM.
OH...
BUT DON'T EAT IT
TILL YOU GET ON THE PLANE.
"THANK YOU, AUNT PHOEBE."
OH...
OKAY, BYE, CHAMP.
NOW, I KNOW THERE'S GOING TO BE
A LOT OF BABES IN SAN DIEGO
BUT REMEMBER, THERE'S
ALSO A LOT TO LEARN.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY, ROSS.
IT'S A MONKEY.
SAY WHAT YOU FEEL, JOEY.
MARCEL, I'M HUNGRY.
THAT WAS GOOD.
MARCEL, THIS IS FOR YOU.
IT'S, UH...
JUST, YOU KNOW, SOMETHING
TO, UH... DO ON THE PLANE.
IF YOU GUYS DON'T MIND,
I'D LIKE TO TAKE A MOMENT--
JUST ME AND HIM.
SURE.
GO AHEAD.
OH! UH...
MARCEL, COME HERE, COME HERE.
COME HERE.
WELL, BUDDY... THIS IS IT.
THERE'S JUST A COUPLE OF THINGS
I WANTED TO SAY.
I'M REALLY GOING TO MISS YOU
AND I'M NEVER GOING
TO FORGET ABOUT YOU.
YOU'VE BEEN MORE
THAN JUST A PET TO ME.
YOU'VE BEEN... YOU'VE BEEN...
MORE LIKE A...
MARCEL, WOULD YOU
LEAVE ME ALONE?
WOULD YOU JUST STOP HUMPING ME
FOR TWO SECONDS?
WOULD YOU..? JUST TAKE HIM AWAY.
JUST TAKE HIM.
OH, THAT I WERE A GLOVE
UPON THAT HAND
THAT I MIGHT... TOUCH THY CHEEK.
THAT'S FINE. THANK YOU.
NEXT.
HI. I'LL BE READING
FOR THE ROLE OF MERCUTIO.
NAME?
HOLDEN McGROIN.